We are starting a new art corner today again this with my friends
they were going to throw the one that is accompanying me that must be a pretty
activity we are going to paint with soap goals so pay attention is a
very funny task they are with their aprons soon we are going
to teach
how to accompany the little ones to be entertained with this beautiful activity
take note of the materials
a cardboard box
sheets of white paper
soap balls
angelina
for groceries
first two weeks apple or go these the little bottle with the police walked away from
the guys usually play
Then we will choose different colors
you are going to see for example
let's take the yellow mania to govou any other sand color that holds
open
Lets put
a few droplets
we are going to close it
and let's shake a little
So the soap is investigated
I answered
aniline as a stylet
this green to open
If you are very good we will use several colors can use different colors
so the leaf wants them kohler gone
d different tones we will put then one pink
to activate it because
Efe cie will equate healthy life
We are also going to lend him someone
we have shades
m several colors present I can play enough that
we can win the skater hundred of that entity a little bit there
I'm not interested
bryant do not always have paper on hand so you can be helping
small accident this will be able to be
still continue like this with the crisis maybe conficker was fine let's quatremer by
those two colors did after I'm going to give you more
It seems that yesterday it was done different roles with this
I'm going to give you a box
to baste
and you are going to see
what we put
several white sheets completely covering the background
and I'm going to give him another box for gabriel
can get up
chinarro can sit like mom
and then we are going to grab
in this city the Cape of kilns to blow them
strong wind p have to help blowing strong winds let's see
2 were going to see that the grandmothers left a hundred percent
there's always a prevalence to solve a lot
blow wind make efforts
and aveldaño very strong
very well let's put more
if it was falling colorful after drying sale channel
good
santillán was activated
efe
etcetera not according to rafts and well strong that no
we have to hold these posters well
biennial is getting to make a work of art
I
camps
novell inc aragon changes color we will put another color
that amounts to 15 who can go changing colors were going to have a
nice now of art we are going to continue when with soap and we are going to
show the result at the end so that you can have Messi
the inde pretty squares but of a golazo of soaps colea and the art
and after playing a lot with this soap policy that way it's finished
our work of art you can have it there yes in real house to dad
mom because she is born and have fun very much
with these are some tasks to perform together
we are not saying goodbye to this child segment and gallen is waiting for them
this corner of art with more crafts for all of you and
we're going to give everything then in that camera we're going
efe